---
title: Art usage rights
description: "Things you can and can't do with my art"
---

## Reposting my artwork

In general, I don't mind people reposting my artwork, but with a few caveats in mind. First, I would rather not have my artwork shared on platforms that use their content to train AI image generation models. So Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, and any other platform that are known to do so.

Also, please don't repost my artwork on Steam to farm points or whatever since I already do post my artwork there. Furthermore, if you want to use my artwork for YouTube thumbnails, or something like that, please ask me first. As for using my artwork as pfps and things like that — do feel free to do so.

Besides, while I do have most of my artworks watermarked, if you do share my artwork, I would still appreciate it if you explicitly credit me and maybe even link to this website. Thank you.

## AI image generation

I disallow the usage of my artwork, even commissioned, for the use in AI training of any sort.

I do not "hate" AI, but I consider it unethical to profit off other people's work without giving them any compensation or even asking for consent to use it in the first place. Especially if such AI gen images are then used for commercial purposes.

In my opinion, all AI generation models should be opt-in, instead of opt-out by default if you want to prevent your content from being used for training. It should only be trained on content for which the author has given their permission to do so and the works generated by AI have to be explicitly labeled as such. In any other way I consider it 100% unethical.
